[Docs] Improve registry docs (#1684)
App-vNext/Polly: docs/pipelines/resilience-pipeline-registry.md

- You should not reuse the cancellation token when the pipeline is reloaded.
- Pipelines enabled for reloads remain valid and current post-reload. The registry manages this transparently.

### How dynamic reloads work

> Dynamic reloading is a concept anchored in the registry, while the `<xref:Polly.ResiliencePipelineBuilder>` remains agnostic of it. The registry employs callbacks to configure the builders, and these callbacks are invoked right before the creation of the pipeline. When dynamic reloading is activated, the registry monitors any changes that could affect the pipeline, seamlessly reloading it as needed. The reloading process involves calling the callback that configures the pipeline; within this callback is also the call to the `AddReloadToken` method. Thus, each reload also enables dynamic reloads for that particular pipeline. As a consumer, you may opt to cease reloading by simply not invoking the `AddReloadToken` method. It's crucial to note that if any error occurs during reloading, the previous pipeline is retained, reloading is halted, and Polly emits a `ReloadFailed` telemetry event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dynamic reloading is a concept anchored in the registry, while the `<xref:Polly.ResiliencePipelineBuilder>` remains agnostic to it. The registry employs callbacks to configure the builders, and these callbacks are invoked right before the creation of the pipeline. When dynamic reloading is activated, the registry monitors any changes that could affect the pipeline, seamlessly reloading it as needed. The reloading process involves invoking the callback that configures the pipeline; within this callback is also the call to the `AddReloadToken` method. Thus, each reload also enables dynamic reloads for that particular pipeline. As a consumer, you may opt to stop reloading by simply not invoking the `AddReloadToken` method. It's crucial to note that if any error occurs during reloading, the previous pipeline is retained, reloading is halted, and Polly emits a `ReloadFailed` telemetry event.
```
